completely shift to mysql
make a client  user type who collects blood under the corp
take away account discount accest they wont be able to make dicounts and also cant "print" reciept only estimate.

implement a virtual wallet for virtual allocation of fund incase of personal reasons from client type only to be filled by admin.
rate db different for this user type. different from normal users.

when saving customer save which user created it.

create dynamic user selection
make different databases for different users make them selectable during account creation by admin

ability to have multiple package list with each list have the ability to import from excel sheet
each list will have same structure.
pop up to show the structure in case import fails


"client" user type will have a virtual wallet which generally won't run into negative unless allowed by admin. 
from virtual wallet cut only the column named B2B. In specific case allow admin to allow negative till 24 hours. 

during user creation select user type general employee, admin, client etc. have specific selection for each,
ie admin can do anything 
ie general employee can create estimate and receipt and view customer (not edit customer) 



1 test 1 entry currently 1 test can be inputted indifinite times in receipt and estimate



during estimate and receipt generated drop down for select lab and have a jpeg for each lab, have a link between db and lab.

in estimate creation add created by user name.

create head user type that is lower than admin but has most access but cant edit anything.

implement lab mrp selection at top only for "user" data type.



and what else are we left with?
oh yes the virtual wallet! make it so admin can only asign money to the other client user type. which when other client user log in they can see in their dashboard at top right how much money they have in virtual wallet and when creating estimate they can click pay from wallet which will deduct the B2B price from the wallet, not the mrp(you see this is the reason the database has mrp and b2b columns, the mrp is to show customers and generate during receipt but B2b is for clients we hire for collecting the bloods). remember also admin can click on a tick box on the user's box to allow going negative in virtual wallet which is crucial.  